docs: add ec2 BR (#1058)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/user-guide/operations/disaster-recovery/overview.md

* RPO: depends on backup frequency.
* RTO: doesn't make sense in standalone mode, mostly depends on the size of the data to be restored, your failure response time, and the operational infrastructure.

> Amazon EC2 with EBS volumes provides a comprehensive [Backup and Recovery solution](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/backup-recovery/backup-recovery-ec2-ebs.html) for such scenarios, and the other IaaS vendors also offer similar solutions. Choosing this one is a good start.

Reviewer: > Choosing this one is a good start.

which one?

Reviewer: We are introducing GreptimeDB's solution, but here we introduce the solution of AWS. The logic isn't smooth.

Author: Please read the context.

> Amazon EC2 with EBS volumes provides a comprehensive [Backup and Recovery solution](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/backup-recovery/backup-recovery-ec2-ebs.html) for such scenarios, and the other IaaS vendors also offer similar solutions. Choosing this one is a good start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good start is to deploy GreptimeDB Standalone into an IaaS platform that has a backup and recovery solution. For example, Amazon EC2 with EBS volumes provides a comprehensive [Backup and Recovery solution](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/backup-recovery/backup-recovery-ec2-ebs.html).
```
